object: adding support for sse s3 for RGW (#10204)
rook/rook: Documentation/CRDs/Object-Storage/ceph-object-store-crd.md

## Security settings

> Ceph RGW supports Server Side Encryption as defined in AWS S3 protocol with three [different modes](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/serv-side-encryption.html) AWS-SSE:C, AWS-SSE:KMS and AWS-SSE:S3. For the last two modes requires a Key Management System (KMS) like HashiCorp Vault. Refer to the [vault kms section](../../Storage-Configuration/Advanced/key-management-system.md#vault) for detailed explanation about vault. If these settings are defined, then RGW establish a connection between Vault and whenever S3 client can send request with Server Side Encryption. For more details w.r.t RGW, please refer [Ceph Vault documentation](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/radosgw/vault/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ceph RGW supports Server Side Encryption as defined in AWS S3 protocol with three [different modes](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/serv-side-encryption.html): `AWS-SSE:C`, `AWS-SSE:KMS` and `AWS-SSE:S3`. The last two modes require a Key Management System (KMS) like HashiCorp Vault. Refer to the [Vault kms section](../../Storage-Configuration/Advanced/key-management-system.md#vault) for detailed explanation about Vault. If these settings are defined, then RGW establishes a connection with Vault. Whenever an S3 client sends a request with Server Side Encryption, the object will be encrypted. For more details, please refer to the [Ceph Vault documentation](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/radosgw/vault/)
```

      VAULT_SECRET_ENGINE: kv
      VAULT_BACKEND: v2
    # name of the k8s secret containing the kms authentication token
    tokenSecretName: rgw-vault-kms-token
  s3:
    connectionDetails:
      KMS_PROVIDER: vault
      VAULT_ADDR: http://vault.default.svc.cluster.local:8200
      VAULT_BACKEND_PATH: rgw
      VAULT_SECRET_ENGINE: transit
    # name of the k8s secret containing the kms authentication token
    tokenSecretName: rgw-vault-s3-token
```

For RGW, please note the following:

> * `VAULT_SECRET_ENGINE` option is specifically for RGW to mention about the secret engine which can be used, currently supports two: [kv](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/kv) and [transit](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/transit). And for kv engine only version 2 is supported with AWS-SSE:KMS, only transit engine supported for AWS-SSE:S3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `VAULT_SECRET_ENGINE` option is specifically for RGW to mention about the secret engine which can be used, currently supports two: [kv](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/kv) and [transit](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/transit). And for the kv engine only version 2 is supported with `AWS-SSE:KMS`. Only the transit engine is supported for `AWS-SSE:S3`.
```

> * The Storage administrator needs to create a secret in the Vault server so that S3 clients use that key for encryption for AWS-SSE:KMS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Storage administrator needs to create a secret in the Vault server so that S3 clients use that key for encryption with `AWS-SSE:KMS`.
```

* TLS authentication with custom certificates between Vault and CephObjectStore RGWs are supported from ceph v16.2.6 onwards

> * The AWS-SSE:S3 support from ceph v17.2 onwards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `AWS-SSE:S3` requires Ceph Quincy (v17) and later.
```
